[router] add platform extension docs (#27409)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/advanced/platform-specific-modules.mdx

description: Learn how to switch modules based on the platform in Expo Router.
---

> > **warning** Platform specific extensions were added in Expo Router 3.x.x. This guide is only needed if you are using an older version of Expo Router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **warning** Platform specific extensions were added in Expo Router `3.x.x`. Follow this guide only if you are using an older version of Expo Router.
```
